Now speaking of examples, attached, you find
an example project, and that is that backend API,
which I also showed you earlier in the course,
with slightly altered code, but generally the same.
But the attached project also comes with a Docker file.
And if you have Docker installed on your system,
then you can use this Docker file to build a Docker image
as it's called, and then run a container based
on that image, because that's how Docker
and containers work, you build images based
on definitions like this, where you simply define
and build that environment in which your code would run.
And then you can run multiple containers based
on the same image, on different machines wherever
you want to, basically, as long as Docker is installed
on that machine.
But again, I do have a complete course about that,
and it's not the goal of this course to build,
or run any containers on our machines.
I just want to show you such an example definition file
where I would be building my own container image
for this application here, for this web API here,
which ultimately would start the web server,
and which would therefore run the web server
in that isolated environment that's based
on some node image, so on some other image that was built
by other people, that comes with Node.js pre-installed
on top of Linux.
So that's a Docker image definition file,
which ultimately would allow us, and enable us
to run containers based on that definition.
Other than that, it's the same project as before,
and we actually don't need that Docker file
for this section, I just wanted to show you
how this would look like,
if you would be using Docker locally,
or on some server that maybe hosts your website.
But as mentioned, GitHub Actions
also supports Docker containers.
And therefore, what I'll do here, is I'll again turn
this into a Git Repository, and add my initial commit,
as always, basically.
And then here I'll create a new remote Repository,
a public Repository here where
I wanna well, host this Git Repository.
So where I then also want to run
my GitHub Actions of course.
And I choose a public Repository here,
because I wanna use this environment feature
which I showed you early in the course,
so that I can define environment specific secrets
which are picked up by the Workflow definition.
Then we can wrap this URL,
and add this remote Repository here like this.
And here in my case, I will again add my username
to make sure that I authenticate correctly,
and we can then push with this command as always.
And that pushes our project here to GitHub.
And it actually already registers a Workflow
because this attached project comes
with a Workflow file already, where I listen to pushes
to the main branch, and where I then try to,
in the end, run a web server as part of the test Job,
which should connect to the MongoDB Database,
and then run some tests.
However, in my case here this will fail because for one,
I haven't registered these secrets in my Repository yet.
And I also shutdown my MongoDB Database server,
which I did set up in a different course section.
Therefore here, my action will actually start,
but it will then get stuck, and eventually time out
because it fails to run this server therefore here,
I'll simply cancel it manually.
Because in order to really run this, I would have to go back
to MongoDB ,and sign in with that account
I created earlier, or create a new account,
but I did show all these Steps in an earlier course section.
And on MongoDB, you must make sure that you do have
a cluster, and that you do allow access
from all IP addresses, that is very important here,
so that the Workflow running on some server provided
by GitHub Actions is able to reach out to this database,
and then you also must make sure that you do have
a user, and the password of that user.
Therefore, I'll assign a new password here,
and you use these credentials here,
and store them as secrets.
So therefore here for this Repository under settings,
I can go to environments as I did early on this course.
And here, we wanna make sure that we do add
an environment if you don't have it yet
where you do add these secrets.
So here I have this testing environment
where I add one secret called MongoDB password,
where I paste in that password I just created on MongoDB,
so on that database server.
And then I'll add that other secret, MongoDB username here,
like this which in my case is maximilian.
And after adding these secrets, and the testing environment
in general, which is the environment I'm referencing
in my Workflow definition file after performing
these Steps combined with the IP address,
which I'm allowing, the global IP address
under network access.
After doing all these things here, we should be able
to rerun this action, which we can do by visiting the action
which we canceled, and choosing rerun all Jobs.
And this will now, well, as the name suggests,
rerun all Jobs, and it should now succeed when it comes
to connecting to the database.
But this is all also nothing new,
and this is all not using any containers.
Instead, let's just quickly wait to see whether this works,
and then we'll dive into using containers,
and setting up containers with GitHub Actions
in the next lecture.
So let's quickly wait here.
And it actually still failed for me
because I used the wrong cluster address,
so that should also be correct.
So there you should also make sure that you're using
the correct one by using Connect, connect your application,
and then using this address here.
And now with that, I canceled the other Workflow run.
And after updating this cluster address, if we push this,
a new Workflow run should be started,
and should now succeed.
Here we go, it now connected successfully,
it ran all the tests,
and performed this entire Workflow successfully.
But now onwards to using containers.